And this summer you can join Rocky and Bull with them as they battle Boris and Natasha in the most outrageous show ever.
Open at Universal Studios Florida!
Snick is the all-new nightmares of are you afraid of the dark?
Snick is
El tiempo primo
Prime time Saturday night.
Four nicks shows that Snick, every Saturday starting at eight.
Snick primo
Mmm!
Super chocolatey!
My cocoa pebbles!
I hate to leave you hanging!
Boris' cocoa pebble cereal. A lot of this delicious breakfast.
From the director of Home Alone
Yippee!
Comes the animated celebration of the year.
Little Nemo, adventures in slumberland.
Oh, I haven't had this much fun in years!
Neither have I!
Take off with a young explorer who must save a noble king.
Outmatch a mighty monster.
And with the heart of a princess.
No one has ever accepted a royal invitation in his underwear.
Little Nemo, adventures in slumberland.
Rated G starts Friday, August 21st.
How many combinations?
Fruit flavor combinations in a bag of skittles.
They'll check this out.
Multiply the number of red ones.
Inverse ratio is the number of green ones.
How many fruit flavor combinations?
Nine hundred a lot.
What?
In here?
If you multiply the red ones by the purple ones.
Quantum mathematics.
What?
You see, each skittles color equals a skittles fruit flavor.
How many combinations?
In every bag of skittles by the candies.
Excellent.
Man, you find out for yourself.
There's the rainbow.
So let's see the answer.
371,292.
I knew that.
They said.
Kids won't get it.
It'll never work.
Nickelodeon says full-winkle.
Full-winkle Jane Moose, that is.
Nickelodeon says Moose Sarama is the show for you.
Fracturing fairy tales and mangling history with Rocky, Boris,
Peabody, Dudley, and Snidely Whiplash.
Yeah, and no Winnie the Pooh.
Yeah, no Pooh Bear here.
This is your Moose TV.
Your Moose Division.
The Winkle's Moose Sarama.
Every weekday at 7.30, 6.30, Central.
You can handle it.
Snick.
That's Snick.
That's Snicket.
Snick's there.
Snick's here.
It's Snicking Owl.
Saturday night.
Nickelodeon.
It's Snick.
Snick.
We're going to Snick.
And you can Snick.
It's time to Snick.
Now.
Here was the ancient philosopher Confucius who first said
there are two sides to everything.
For every yin, there's a yang.
For every up, there's a down.
For each innie, there's an outie.
Because whatever sides you're on, there's always the other side.
Personally, I like living in a two-sided world.
It means you always get a choice.
I prefer a one-sided world.
Everything is so much simpler that way.
But let's face it, the world would be totally boring
if there weren't two sides to everything.
Why complicate things?
I think it's obvious that two sides are one side too many.
Oh yeah?
I think it's cool that for every little voice saying
do your homework, be nice to your brother, clean your room.
There's another little voice saying
blow it off, come out of here.
See what I mean?
It all starts with our genes.
We get half of our moms, half of our dads.
So when mom and dad start taking opposite sides,
guess who winds up getting turned inside out?
Part of pros and cons.
And I don't mean professionals and convicts.
Pros and cons are just the debate teams way of saying
for and against.
I know because Mr. Fudstein's making us practice debate.
Personally I'm feeling both pro and con about it.
Pro because Mr. Fudstein's the coolest.
And con because I can't decide what to debate about.
Of course there are lots of debatable issues to choose from.
Like butterfly breasts.
The pro side is to keep the hair out of your eyes.
The con side is to make it look like a giant plastic insect
just landed on your head.
Or take a more classic two-sided issue, like eating peas.
The pro side is if you eat your peas,
you'll grow up to be big and strong.
The con side is you've got to eat all those peas.
Then there's the kind of issue where both sides are downsides.
Like the existence of my crepezoid brother, Furgbrass.
The pro side is sippa.
While the con side is too long,
with all these hot controversies floating around,
you'd think it'd be easy to choose a debate.
Clarissa, hi.
I didn't think you were back from school yet.
What's that?
Well, alright.
Um, sport, can you keep a secret?
I can't keep it if you don't tell it.
Yeah, right.
Okay, take a look at my new design
for the quick and jiffy all-in-one mini mall.
Cool.
It's the sort of project I've always wanted to do.
You've always wanted to build a mall?
No, I've always hated malls.
That's why this one's going to be so special.
And if it catches on, the quick and jiffy all-in-one mini mall
could become a nationwide chain.
So you could be the guy who designed
the golden archers of the 90s?
Yeah, something like that.
Anyway, I want to surprise your mom
with the good news tonight.
So, um, not a word to anyone.
Dad, your secret's safe with me.
Give me family dog.
Ferguson, we don't have a dog.
Hmm, good point.
You know, that's why I think we should have a dog.
I mean, consider all the things a dog can offer.
Loyalty, warmth, vital protection.
Kind of like the little brother I never had.
Yeah, well, Ferguson, if you want a dog,
we're going to have to discuss it,
but I have to go, I have a meeting.
So I guess a dog is the only way
for you to get a best friend.
Hmm, that's real funny.
Just wait till I teach you the commands.
Sick of them.
Remember, sport, not a word.
A word about what?
A secret.
Just remember, sis, by week's end,
I'll have a mongrel, so bloodthirsty,
or ripple your secrets out of you.
If I ever need proof that there are two sides to everything,
I can just show my two-faced little brother.
Talk to you about a matter of crucial importance,
not just to me, but to our entire family.
Of course, Ferguson, what is it?
Well, dad said that I could have a dog
if it was okay with you.
That's not quite how he put it.
We've been over this a million times, Ferguson,
but I'll take great care of a dog.
Allow me, Mom.
Bergface, you've never properly cared for a pet in your life.
Untrue, num wad.
Oh, yeah?
What happened to your goldfish?
You died of natural causes.
If you can call forgetting to feed him for a week natural,
and your turtle?
Ferguson III also died of natural causes.
You never put air holes in his terrarium.
And what about those sea monkeys you ordered
from the back of Richie Rich?
Ferguson V.
Sea monkeys have a very short life expectancy,
especially when you let all their water evaporate.
Mom, giving Ferguson a dog would be cruelty to animals,
both of them.
Gee, Mom, I think caring for a dog
would prepare me for the obligations of manhood.
You've got to admit Ferguson a dog is a big responsibility.
Come on, Mom.
This is me here talking about.
Me as a guy who arranges your spice packs,
forces voluntarily, and always saves receipts.
I'll do whatever it takes.
You feed the dog every day,
every week.
Walk the dog.
I'd love to have a dog to walk.
Well, it wouldn't hurt for you to have a trial period.
Does that mean yes?
It's Janet.
Remember you said you needed your dog walk
when you and Mike went on vacation?
I found a volunteer.
Betty?
Bluefinkel?
Bluefinkel dog.
The neighbor and a hound from hell.
Chopper's the Rottweiler.
He'll swallow you up in one disgusting slobber.
Ferguson will start this afternoon.
I'll send him right over.
You're welcome.
Bye.
Aw.
Mom, I changed my mind.
I want a fluffy little kitty cat.
What's your name and whiskers?
The Bluefinkel dog is a perfectly nice animal.
Yeah.
He calls a slobbering drool factory nice.
Hey, Mom, what's with the posters?
Save the ginkgo?
Who's the ginkgo?
The ginkgo is a tree, Clarissa,
and the forest outside the museum grows the only ginkgos in this area.
Well, how to check them out?
You may not be able to.
Today they announced they're going to chop those woods down
and make room for a mall.
A mall?
This is what we need, another mall, huh?
Would it by any chance be a quick and jiffy,
all-in-one mini mall?
You've already heard about this?
I heard it's going to be a really well-designed mall.
Clarissa, those mini malls never have any sense of design
or individuality.
They're like an ugly growth.
Moving in on our homes, destroying everything in their path,
it's us or them.
Great to see you taking a stand, Mom.
I'm joining a protest at the site on Friday.
I can't wait to tell your dad.
Really?
He hates those poorly designed malls.
He's always said that.
I'm sure he'll want to get involved.
So now I have the feeling you're right.
Here's a truly debatable point.
Do I tell my parents they're on a one-way road
to total collision?
Once they find out they disagree on that a major issue,
history proves that things could get ugly.
Like, remember what happened when Columbus went up
against the Flat Earth Society?
Is it round?
Is it flat?
And remember the famous ice cream war?
No, chocolate is better.
No, no, vanilla is better, yeah.
Chocolate is better.
Plus, there's the never-ending argument
of boys against girls.
Boys are better than girls.
Girls are smarter than boys.
Now, boys!
Just think, the great mini mall debate
could have equally disastrous results.
I better figure out a way to keep my parents apart
until this whole thing blows over.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, take a look at this.
What is it?
The blue-finkled dog is dragging a kid through the street.
Hey, that's Ferguson!
Oh, his cactus are really getting shredded.
What should we debate for, Mr. Fudstein?
I say we go with pizza.
Thin crust or double deep dish.
Now that's controversial.
Don't talk to me about debating.
Besides, pizza crust doesn't quite have
the global ramifications I had in mind.
What's wrong?
I'm getting all the controversy I want at home.
My dad's building a mini mall.
Cool.
My mom's protesting it.
Well, Mr. Fudstein said we should stick with what we know.
Why not debate mini malls?
I don't know.
It's perfect.
A topic that hits close to home.
Too close to home?
What am I going to do about my parents?
You need what my dad calls a double and a round diverse blitz.
What's that?
It's a football play where you divide the other team's lineman
behind the line of scrimmage
and then rush in on both sides before the ball is snapped.
Could you put that in layman's terms?
But in.
I was afraid you'd say that.
All right, Clarissa, don't say a thing.
I want to unveil my new mini mall right before dinner.
Dad, maybe you should wait a little while longer.
Like until construction's finished.
Well, don't be silly, sport.
I want your mom to be at the big groundbreaking ceremony.
I'm sure she will be.
Into the street, covered my caches with fur,
and then drooled all of my brand new shoes.
Ferguson's walking the blue-finkel dogs.
Uh-oh.
Chopper's the Rottweiler?
Oh, Ferguson, if you can't control that dog,
maybe you should stop walking them.
No way, Dad.
I negotiated hefty fee with bonuses.
That dog is a gold mine.
Why are they paying him so much?
No one else are walking.
Oh, well, now we know why.
Hi, everyone.
I'm running a little late,
so I hope you don't mind that I picked up some fast food.
Fast food?
Yes.
Lucky for me, tofu to go is still open.
Gee, tofu, what a treat.
Um, Janet, I've got something to tell you.
I've got something to tell you, too, Marshal.
Uh, you go first.
No, you go ahead.
Oh, okay, all right.
Well, today I found out...
Wait, I've got something important to say.
Clarissa, your dad was in the middle of telling me something.
But you're never going to believe what happened to me today.
My locker jam's right before fifth period.
That's too bad, dear.
And now, Marshal, what were you about to say?
I thought I'd never get my books out
until Angela Prune whistle wedged the door open with her teeth.
Clarissa, what's gotten them to you?
I still haven't figured out how she did it.
Well, like I was trying to say, today I've...
Oh, it's amazing? Or what?
Oh, here, right.
Janet, why don't you go first?
Okay.
You know how we used to care about so many causes,
but now we don't do anything about them anymore.
Well, I'm getting involved in something important.
Janet, that's great.
Okay, okay, my turn.
Now, you know that design problem
that has plagued me since architectural school?
Uh-huh.
Well, I'm finally getting the chance to solve it.
Oh, how wonderful.
Okay, here it is.
Oh!
Yeah, it's my design for the new Quicken Chiffy
all in one mini-mall.
You know, if we've got to have shopping malls,
isn't it time we design something that isn't really annoying?
We break ground this Friday.
Hey, isn't this the mini-mall
they're putting up over by the Ginkgo Trees?
Not over by the Ginkgo Trees.
On top of the Ginkgo Trees.
By Ginkgo Trees.
What are you voting development this is?
It's more of the Looney Tunes you want
every weekday on Nickelodeon.
They're the sleekest, most graceful,
most beautiful horses in the world.
Grand champions.
There's the Palomino Goldust.
Strong, sure-footed, and fast.
With his western saddle and bridle,
he's a rodeo champion.
There are jumping champions, too.
The Black Stallion Midnight gets special grooming
because he's a grand champion jumper.
Palomino and Black Stallion,
each sold separately.
Other horses also sold separately.
The most beautiful horses in the world.
Grand champions.
They're so crispy, so such a chocolatey and delicious.
Part of this complete breakfast, even the milk turns chocolate.
With every bite sold chocolatey.
Oh, everybody wants my burger grease.
Okay, honey, open your eyes.
Mom!
There's a lot to love about the Play School Dollhouse.
It's my beautiful Play School Dollhouse.
And I love everything I eat.
Baby's asleep.
It's my beautiful Play School Dollhouse.
And I'm so glad it's for me.
The Night Light plays music.
My Play School Dollhouse.
The Play School Dollhouse comes with everything here.
Other accessories sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
Time for a late-breaking Clarissa Darling news update.
In the headlines this week,
Darling's on the march.
Construction on Dad's mini mall starts Friday.
Mom's protest group will be there to stop it.
Now for the details.
Hostilities have been escalating
as Mom and Dad continue to fight for opposing forces.
And now, both sides refuse to recognize one another.
Locked in.
Unwilling to bend.
Trapped together on a collusion course with destiny.
On the lighter side,
a small redhead has bonded with a lovable pooch.
Ferguson and choppers.
Looks like this dog is getting his day.
And that's the Darling World of News.
My only editorial comment?
Bummer.
Hi, Sam.
Hey.
What's going on?
What's the difference between a fight and a debate?
Well, when you're fighting with someone,
you're really mad at each other.
And when you're debating,
you can still go out for pizza afterwards.
Just as I thought.
Mom and Dad are really fighting.
Hey, look, we don't agree on everything.
That's not true.
We almost always agree.
See what I mean?
Funny.
I can't take this anymore.
Everything around here is just so tense.
When your parents fight,
do they say they're fighting?
Why?
Take it from me.
You've got to listen carefully to parental lingo.
Like if they're fighting and they say they're fighting,
you're cool.
But if they're fighting
and they say they're having a discussion,
look out.
Oh, that's nothing.
The worst is when they start referring to each other
as your mother and your father.
Yeah.
My mom ran off to join the roller derby
when they got to that stage.
But don't worry.
I don't think your mom's roller derby type.
But what if they never stop fighting?
What if the drawing house becomes a house divided?
What if the tension between them
just builds and builds and builds
until both their heads explode?
Don't you think you're overacting?
Hey, Sam.
Sport, you didn't take the aspirin, did you?
No.
Hmm.
All this tension from this mini mall thing
has given me a wicked headache.
It feels like my head's going to explode.
Dad, do you think it's time you mom stopped fighting?
We're not fighting, sport.
Your mom and I are having a discussion.
Have you seen the aspirin?
Never mind.
I'll check downstairs.
Well, I better go finish my speech
for the groundbreaking ceremonies.
Hmm.
Whoa.
Oh, maybe you're not overreacting.
Maybe you should talk to your parents.
You're right.
I've got to get one of them to change their minds.
Trying to get your mom to change her mind.
Mission impossible?
Well, let's just say mission highly unlikely.
But what else can I do?
You're about to see my three basic debate tactics
for foreign persuasion.
Mom?
Yes, dear.
I need to talk to you.
Of course, honey.
All this stuff about save the ginkgos?
Come on.
If there's a whole forest of ginkgo trees,
how in danger can they be?
Clarissa, they're exactly 6,903 in North America.
And now they want to chop down five acres of them.
Oh, well, I see your point.
Maybe you're right.
But mom, what will the neighbors think?
I've heard them talking.
Clarissa, the ginkgos are their trees too,
and you can't go around worrying
what everyone thinks of you.
Good point.
You know, mom, since you've taken up this mini-mall crusade,
I've dropped out of school, gotten my nose pierced,
and met a totally rat new boyfriend.
Clarissa, it's not working.
You're not going to talk me out of this protest.
You're right, mom.
I don't really want to.
The environment is much more important than any mall.
But what if you and dad never stop fighting?
Your father and I are not fighting.
We're having a discussion.
That's what I was afraid of.
Okay, plan B.
Dad, different target, different rules.
All you need is a simple, single tactic.
Flattery gets you everywhere.
Well, at least I hope so.
Hey there, sport.
You look great today, dad.
Oh, thanks, Clarissa.
You know, dad, an understanding person like you
can probably see mom's point about this whole mini-mall thing.
There isn't any way you'd give it up, is there?
Give it up.
You know, make mom happy, restore family unity,
and save the environment.
All in one bold move.
Look, Clarissa, I understand it's hard when your parents disagree,
but, you know, there's just some things you have to live with.
You do?
Your mom is standing up for what she believes in,
and I am finally getting the chance to build a whole block
of funky, yet functional, interconnected structures.
It does look pretty cool.
Yeah, it's an architect's dream.
Well, I better get back to the old drawing board.
Me too.
Okay.
I've bonded with both my parents,
but their feet are still stuck in cement.
Tomorrow, dad digs that first ceremonial shovel towards
building the mall of his dreams,
and mom will stand up for the rights of the environment
and ginkgo trees everywhere.
Hi, Sam.
So what happened?
Well, on the one hand, a cool-looking mini-mall
with really great stores could add a lot to this area.
So your mom buckled?
On the other hand, the ginkgo trees are an important resource
and much more attractive than any mini-mall.
Oh, so your dad buckled.
Actually, I'm the one who buckled.
I guess I can't solve my parents' problems.
They do both have their point of view.
Don't you knock, dog press?
Calling it now.
Mom and dad split up.
I get full custody of the good TV.
Mom and dad aren't splitting up.
Just covering their eye bases is sluggish.
Ooh, are things really that bad?
It's not the fighting, my mind. It's the tension.
I just wish they could walk a mile on each other's shoes.
Wait, that's an idea.
You're going to exchange their shoes?
Something like that.
Uh, sport. Is my tie on straight?
Looking good, dad.
I'm a little nervous about this speech
I've got to make at the groundbreaking.
Well, you can't go wrong in a suit with a shovel.
Yeah, it's sort of a classic combination.
Carissa, I'm off to the protest.
Now, if I get arrested, I want you to call these numbers.
Mom, you're not going to get arrested.
We're counting on it.
Well, better be gone.
Me too.
Mom, dad, wait.
What is it, Carissa?
Um, I need help with my school project.
Oh, jeez, sport, I'm afraid it's going to have to wait.
It's for Mr. Fudstein's debate assignment.
You know, debating is the last civilized form
of strongly disagreeing.
Carissa, your mother and I have discussed this civilly.
Yes, I already know how your father feels.
Yeah, and I already know how your mother feels.
It'll just take a second.
All you have to do is start with the first affirmative.
What's that?
In this case, debate speak.
Provide mini-malls are cool and 25 words are left.
Mom, you start.
But I don't think mini-malls are cool.
Mm-hmm.
Mr. Fudstein says we've got to know your opponent's viewpoint
before destroying it. Ready, Mom?
Carissa, I really don't think we have time for this.
Your father's right. We better go.
Please?
Oh.
All right, Carissa.
I think we should have mini-malls because...
they don't have to be the ugliest things in the world, I guess.
And they don't have to destroy our land, I suppose.
And some people find them vaguely convenient.
I'd imagine.
Okay. Dad?
Why should we save the ginkgos in 25 words or less?
Yeah, I think we ought to save the ginkgos
because Janet thinks we should.
Dad, you can do better than that.
All right, okay.
I guess sitting in the shade of a ginkgo beats a root canal.
And I guess it's better than sitting under a quick and jiffy,
all aluminum umbrella.
You know, in Mr. Fudstein's class,
we get extra credit for coming up with a compromise solution.
Marshall, you remember your design
for the Student Activity Center
way back when you still cared about the environment?
No.
You remember that you'd have that big, beautiful atrium inside.
All right. All right, my atrium.
Yeah, I never got to build that.
You could now.
Oh, I like it. I like it.
A quick and jiffy all-in-one mini-mall
with connective atrium.
A home for the ginkgo tree preserve.
Well, it's worth a shot.
I love a good atrium.
Isn't it wonderful when parents help themselves?
Hey, sport. How's your debate go?
Sam and I did really well on the mini-mall controversy.
But then we had a spot debate,
the thorn-dike twins on strip mining.
Strip mining?
Now there's an ecological disaster.
Those two are really persuasive.
They managed to convince the class
that we should strip mine Yellowstone National Park.
I guess the winning side isn't always the right side.
That's just what Mr. Fudstein said.
Let's just hope that the zoning board is on the right side.
The ginkgo atrium all-in-one mini-mall.
I think the developers and the committee
to save the ginkgo are working on a groundbreaking plan.
What's that?
That's just Ferguson out back working.
Ferguson? Work?
Those two words don't belong in the same sentence.
He's walking the dogs.
You mean dogs?
No, I mean dogs.
They're old Dr. Rogers paying Ferguson to walk his dogs, too.
It's a brace of evil mutant mud hounds.
DICK
kids and animals face-to-face.
eye-to-eye knows-to-beak on Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show.
Every Sunday at 6.30, 5.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
It's in the shape of this smack of honey.
The teeth is really on, and it looks kind of funny.
Crunches in the shape, pumpin' funky honey.
The crunch is really great. The crunch is on the bunny.
Oh, separately.
You're right to keep your mouth shut.
Anything you say can be held against you.
Anything you don't say can be held against you.
Anything I say you said can be held against you.
What's that?
All right, that's it. Go to your room.
Ah.
The good news is that for the first five years
you can get away with murder
because being stupid is considered normal.
Isn't he precious?
That's my boy!
But after the first five years,
being stupid is generally considered a crime.
You're charged with being a stupid kid. How do you plead?
Uh...
Guilty. I send you to at least 12 years of hard labor.
I'm going to jail?
No. Stupid. You're going to school.
Tell him about it, JJ!
Yes! It's an education with all your senses.
This is Baker for today.
Yes, the little principal. He was there for you.
Yeah, very little.
This is a reminder for y'all to bring your parent consent forms in next Thursday.
Or you won't be allowed to go on the field trip
to the new waste treatment facility.
Big deal. Who wants to go?
Of course, this trip will be led by Miss Riker.
Who cares?
Miss Riker?
Yes, Miss Riker.
There she is in the light from the overhead projector.
Just look at the grays with which she holds that pointer.
Recent college graduate, sparkling eyes.
Her measurements?
You don't want to know.
So if you're going to have a crush on only one teacher this year,
make it Miss Riker.
Hey Vinny, have you got a crush on Miss Riker?
No. Why do you say that?
Well, then why were you dancing around with her just now?
Nobody else could see that. It was just a fantasy.
Anyway, I'm looking forward to that field trip next Thursday.
You know, I've always been fascinated with solid waste treatment.
Yeah, you're full of solid waste.
Come on, we're going to be late for supper class.
He's okay.
He was more than a man.
He was more than a teacher.
He was more than someone who just liked to work with his hands.
What's left of them?
He was a little shock teacher of horrors.
Somebody hand me that tool.
Come on, somebody, that tool right there.
Never mind.
Today I'm going to show you how to work the power saw.
There are four things, four.
Four things to remember.
Safety first, know your tools.
Always wear safety goggles.
And, uh, okay, three things.
Now, you turn the power saw on like this.
You push the one through like this.
Oh, just push it right there, just push it right there.
Ow.
What time is it?
Somebody look at my watch. It's on my arm.
Time for the bell.
Mark has like the heaviest bod in the study universe.
Would that be hot if I married Marky Mark?
In like a matrimonial way?
This is Jennifer Marky Mark.
Marky and Jennifer Mark.
This is Marky Mark.
Then Marky Marks.
Ooh.
All right, hallmark, hallmark.
What's up, come on.
There was a fire.
Oh, come on.
You can be a little more creative than that.
My dog eating.
Are you constantly getting into trouble
because you never hand in your homework on time?
Well, it's so.
Then get the revolutionary new product by excuse code.
It's yes.
My dog actually did eat my homework.
The sausage flavored composition books your dogs will love.
An excuse code can make your dog a real helper
around the house, too.
With other handy products like darn,
the dog ate my broccoli.
And I swear the dog bit my little brother in the head.
Oh, man.
I don't have my homework either.
This is just a reminder.
If you don't have good grades,
you can't go on a field trip next Thursday.
Oh, no.
Mr. Mence will fail me for sure.
Good morning, class.
Your regular teacher, Mr. Mence, couldn't make it in today.
My name is Miss Callow, and I am your substitute.
Pardon?
Oh, didn't Mr. Mence tell you?
No.
Oh, we always have a party on the third Tuesday of every month
with a pee in it.
Third Tuesday, what?
Excuse me.
No, Miss Fang, we heard there was a substitute,
so where did me and the boys sit up?
Oh, my goodness.
Back here.
I want to go.
Thumbs up, too.
On fire, Miss Callow.
On fire.
Give me a beat.
Submitted for your approval,
Lewis Galloway, 13 years old.
He was ready for the ultimate video challenge,
but there's something new behind those doors,
and there's no turning back when you enter the video zone.
New games, new nemesis, new menesis,
encountered from inside the game.
It's a new reality in a new time-space coordinate,
Nickelodeon's Ozone, the ultimate video challenge.
Nick Arcade in the Ozone starts this Thursday
at five, four central.
Watch me trick Fred out of his cocoa pebbles.
Cocoa warrior, what's wrong?
I can't claim to rock unless I get something super chocolatey.
Take my cocoa pebbles.
But like me, be your next contender.
Believe me, give you a hit stud.
Mmm, super chocolatey.
My cocoa pebbles.
Hate to leave you hanging.
Well, it's cocoa pebbles cereal.
A lot of this nutritious breakfast.
More roundhouse on Nick.
More time to sneak.
I wasted my sister's nail polish
by painting quarters, painting a boring class.
Now I feel her wrath.
But I do it again.
I stopped it by curly fries
knowing full well I'd be written up for excessive tardiness.
And I liked it.
Oh, to be so casually rude.
But how?
I then need another's ability to misbehave.
Kevin Wein presents disobedience.
The fragrance of choice among thoroughly youth.
With disobedience, you can be a rebel.
Be that thermometer.
135, I don't know about this.
Could you be trying to skip school?
Oh, ma.
All right, because of a really hard test.
No, of course not.
This is just a reminder.
You have a really hard test today.
Mm-hmm, just as I thought.
Normal.
But I still don't feel well.
I'm sorry.
What do you think you're trying to do?
Sit around on your butt all day and do nothing?
That's my job.
That's the school.
Okay.
If he signs it, you can go.
What?
I didn't say anything.
If he signs it, you can go.
I don't understand.
Understand what?
Field trip of dreams.
Coming next Thursday to a school near you.
I like it.
Say, Dad, how about you sign in this permission slip
for me to go on that field trip next Thursday?
Uh-uh, Mr. Wiseacre.
I don't know anything until I see your report card.
Now get your butt to school.
Vinny, honey, is the test really going to be that hard?
It's math, Mom, and I just don't understand it.
First, there was math.
Then came new math.
Now, from the Shirley McClain School of Higher Knowledge comes new age math.
Field the healing calmness of four.
The energizing powers of twelve.
Big one with pie.
It's like...
If you don't pass it in this life,
there's a man in the next.
This is Jennifer Mixilot.
Mr. and Mrs. Mixilot.
And Jennifer Mixilot.
The Mixilots.
Pass this to Robin.
Can't find time in your busy schedule to drop a line to a friend,
letting them know how bored you are?
Well, now there's relief in sight
with a new ready letter from Slugmasters.
Dear Blank, what's up?
I'm so much here.
I am so bored.
I can't wait to go to lunch.
Slash.
My next class.
Home.
Oh well, teacher's looking.
Gotta go.
Right back or else.
Love, Blank.
PS.
Blank likes you.
No need to fret or even think.
Act now when you also receive a ready-made version of that little folded paper device
you manipulate with your fingers to determine the future.
Which includes such all-time favorites as
Awesome Car.
Green.
Blue.
Shack.
And.
Jason.
Look for the entire line of Slugmaster products where you buy fine stationery
because it's bad enough you're in school.
So why make an effort?
I'm in J Hawkins.
Jennifer J Hawkins.
J Hawkins.
J Hawkins says.
In sex education.
Sex.
Something uneasy about publicly discussing sex.
We're able to speak freely.
S.C.
Act.
Can't believe they're going to teach us stuff in school.
We never had anything like this before.
Except for that one time on Fred's Dog Rex
and Jeff's Dog Ginger came to school on the same day.
I can't believe they're going to talk about this stuff right here in the classroom.
With them in here.
I cannot believe we have a man teacher.
He's probably going to leave out all the good parts.
I wish we went to Sacred Heart.
Sister Felicity knows everything.
All this talk about sex is making me really tired.
I hope he doesn't call on me for anything.
Oh no, he's going to show a film.
I am going to die right here and now.
I have enough trouble in biology watching those films
where those two amoebas do whatever it is they do.
I must look really stupid.
I bet everybody in here is staring at me.
Field trip next Thursday.
I don't think I can wait till then, Vinny.
You see, I'm crazy about you.
I don't care about the difference in our ages.
I don't even care that you wet your bunk at summer camp when you were six.
How did you know about that?
Never mind.
I'd be surprised for you.
Just put your head down on this desk for a minute.
Okay.
Hey Vinny, wake up.
It's time to take the really hard math test
that you have to pass to go in the field trip.
Uh-huh.
You're asleep.
Oh, that's how she knew I wet my bunk.
What?
Never mind.
I got to get ready for this test.
All right class, you may begin.
You're really hard.
Math test.
Find their species in a book.
You can count their bones in a museum.
But only Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
puts animals and kids face to face nose to nose.
Follow the call of the wild every Sunday
when Nickelodeon travels from mountaintops
to ocean bottoms in search of animal adventure
on Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
every Sunday at 6.30, 5.30 Central
on the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Coming this fall on Fox,
it's a dynamic hour of action.
Got it.
For non-stop five day a week
out of this world fun and adventure,
don't miss...
What?
Tiny Toon Adventures.
You guessed that the secret one.
Then stay tuned for
In a World Held Captive by Powerful Villains.
Justice is about to be served by Batman.
Don't miss the excitement of Tiny Toon Adventures
followed by Batman.
Coming this fall on Fox.
Roundhouse on Ning.
More time to sneak.
This is your Mrs. Flee.
Fifty minutes of class left. Now sit down.
This is just a reminder.
I'd like to introduce to you
our special guest speaker for today,
Vice Principal Peevie.
Your report cards have been sent out
and should be arriving...
Oh, thank you for reminding me.
This is just a reminder.
Your report cards have been sent out
and should be arriving at your homes today.
Oh, that's cool.
Oh, by the way, it has been several days
since Vinnie flunked that test
and the field trip he wants to go on is tomorrow.
I've just put in a ten-hour day at the office.
My family is whining like a pack of starved hyenas
and all I could find in the fridge
was this one jar of mayonnaise.
What am I going to do?
I can't understand you.
Hey, Mom, looks like you need a hand.
A mayonnaise hand.
A what?
Introducing mayonnaise helper.
The mayonnaise and your...
Honey, mayonnaise.
It's mayonnaise, the director.
Not so fast, Buster.
I just saw your report card.
You got a D in math.
I got a D?
I thought I failed.
Yeah, well, a D is bad enough.
You can forget about going on that field trip tomorrow.
Oh, but then I'll try to do better.
When you do better, you can have your privileges back.
Look, I'm sorry, son.
I don't want you to end up being a bum
and kick man to the job,
sit around on his butt all day and watch his...
Don't you question me, all right? Don't you question me.
Oh, I'm sorry, Vinnie.
You probably don't realize it now,
but school is very important.
I mean, I didn't know that when I was your age.
The only reason I went to school
is because I had a crush on one of my teachers.
Imagine that.
This is a reminder.
Signed projects with you on Monday,
so everyone please inform your fathers
to hurry and finish them.
Also, Vinnie, please have your parents
come down to school for a parent-teacher conference.
A parent-teacher conference?
That's right. This is going on your permanent record.
Na, na, na, na, na, na.
I'll interpret those sayings
most often misunderstood by parents
at parent-teacher conferences.
For instance, when a teacher says
you have a very active child, Mrs. Zinsel,
perhaps you should contact a special school.
Interpretation?
You have spawned a freak of nature, Mrs. Zinsel.
Call the circus.
Your son seems to be struggling with math and English.
Would you like to see his test scores?
Your son's an idiot. You want proof?
Billy's going through the changes of life
and needs to understand his new responsibilities.
Make him bathe.
This has been a public service message,
which means...
This has been for your own darn good.
So how did that parent-teacher conference thing go, Mom?
Am I grounded for life?
No, no, you're just going to need some extra help in math
and that's why you're going to have to have a tutor.
Hey, there she is now.
How do you know?
Well, because that's the way things happen on television.
Mrs. Riker.
No, I'm her younger sister,
but everybody calls me spanky.
Yes, but before we get started, Vinny,
there's something I've been dying to tell you.
You sure? Go ahead.
Reprise the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me sucked.
Studio audience at Nickelodeon Studio,
a universal studio
around the world.
Uh, what's this?
It's Nickelodeon's most wanted, Yogi Bear.
Weekdays at 4.30, 3.30 Central.
Just right on Nick.
What makes a woman beautiful?
It changes almost every time she looks in the mirror.
It comes from within.
Beauty is also an art form.
Now there's a magazine that lets you explore
the art of being beautiful.
Allure from the publishers of Vogue and Vanity Fair.
It's the first magazine
that celebrates and illustrates
the power of personal beauty.
And now it can be yours for one dollar
an issue.
Allure is your guide to which beauty products
live up to their promises
and which are just hype.
It's the greatest fashions in how to wear them.
From professional makeup tricks
to getting a great haircut
to the hottest workouts.
To receive 12 months of Allure
for 12 dollars, 60% off the cover price.
Call 1-800-452-7700.
And if you call now,
we'll send you this deluxe
lighted makeup mirror.
Free with your paid subscription.
Allure, dedicated to bringing out the beauty in you.
The idea of beauty beyond
its predictable boundary.
How'd you like to travel like that?
That they don't have Kellogg's Raisin brand now.
You, but the two scoops of raisins
pull the boat home over.
Unbelievable. Morning, sir. What's this all about?
The sweet taste of two scoops of raisins.
The big guy would like to have some Kellogg's Raisin brand
with you fine Americans. Cool.
With us? You're kidding.
No, ma'am. We're not allowed.
Two scoops of juicy raisins have a taste everyone's sweet on.
So how about a bowl for the road?
Kellogg's Raisin brand, part of this complete breakfast.
This will hurt you.
Oh.
Oh, steampie.
Look what they did to my arm.
Yeah, I got shot too.
Wow.
You know what, steampie?
This army business ain't so bad.
I think we found our knit.
What did he say?
Excuse me, could you...
He bow.
Pace.
Awerb.
What?
Pace.
Awerb.
Gummy.
You two insects.
20.
As a rule, I don't like to lend money.
Yeah, but you got an honest face.
I think the sides likes you best
because he gave you the most potatoes to peel.
Recruits, raisins, steampie.
Your board for tear gas training.
Tear gas room?
P.U.
I tell you, man.
There's nothing to get me in there.
You're not crying.
I cheated.
Held my breath.
Oh, steampie.
Such a knucklehead.
Lisa, you moron.
I am smart.
You're stupid.
I know how to get around that big, dopey serge.
Stick with me, kid.
I know where I'm going in life.
Happy, happy, happy.
Peel, peel, peel.
Peace.
Rest period's over.
Let's get a move on.
Did you hear me?
I said, let's get going.
You don't want to anger that big, dopey serge.
My dogs are killing me.
Hey.
Hey, boy.
It sure feels good to get those boots off.
You said it.
Good night, Ren.
Good night, steampie.
And now all I need
is eight hours.
You're wanting to drop dead.
Sleep.
No.
No sleep.
No bed.
No, no, no.
Bad, bad, bad.
Hey, Guido.
It's all so clear to me now.
I'm the keeper of the cheese.
And you're the lemon merchant.
You get it?
And he knows.
He knows.
And he knows it.
That's why he's going to kill us.
So we got to beat it.
Yeah.
Before you let's loose the marmosets on us.
Don't worry, little missy.
I'll save you.
Congratulations.
You graduated.
Dear full-fledged tank paratroopers.
Steampie.
I can't believe it.
We made it.
Not only do we have these cool uniforms
and this swell tank,
we were also proud members
of an elite fighting for.
Oh, beautiful,
four smashes skies
four amber waves of grain
four purple mountains
didn't
start out my day with my favorite breakfast.
Sugar Frost and milk
It's time for Ask Dr. Stupid, with your host, Dr. Stupid.
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer from Bent Arm Pit, Wyoming.
And she asks,
Dear Dr. Stupid, what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans?
That's a very good question, Jennifer.
I'd better put on my patented stupometer on helmet.
Prepare to activate.
The answer's simple, really.
Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is
the queen bean.
And all the other beans are the worker beans that serve her.
Thank you, Dr. Stupid.
Tune in next time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
At last, I have control.
Are you receiving me?
Welcome to our secret headquarters.
Thousands of miles below the Earth's crust.
Shut up, you fool.
How do we know we can trust them?
We could make them take the oath.
Perfect, the oath.
Put your hand on the TV screen and repeat after me.
I, to hereby promise, only to watch the Rain and Stimpy show.
To make underleg noises during the good scenes.
To wear unwashed leaderhosen every single day of the rest of my life.
That's it.
You're in our secret club.
All right, Stimpy.
They're okay.
Show them the stuff.
Congratulations.
Shut up and show them.
I'm showing them.
Okay, kids.
It's time for a surprise.
I'm showing them.
Okay, kids.
It's time for a secret cartoon.
NERC will be back after this.
You idiot.
Nay.
Nickelodeon by Dave Bright.
Rowdy and Easygoing.
But bill in Saturday night.
Explore a side of Nickelodeon you never knew existed.
When we asked, are you afraid of the dark?
Mixed news show spins ghastly tales of ordinary kids.
And they're not so ordinary encounters with a supernatural.
They're telling you to take some one-way rides into nightmare territory.
There's only one question.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Find out every Saturday night at 9.30, 8.30, Central on Snicks.
I'm the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Levi's loose-fitting jeans.
This interpretation of the original.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street.
Hanging with your foes.
Or cleaning your room.
But get real.
You'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo, Super Nintendo,
than Sega Genesis games for rent than anyone in the world.
To dudes, why not get your games to Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
The taste is in the shape of a snack and honey.
The taste is really old and it looks kind of funny.
Crunchy's in the shape of a pumpkin-funky honey.
The crunch is really great.
The crunch is on the money.
Submitted for your approval, Louis Galloway, 13 years old,
he said he was ready for the ultimate video challenge.
But there's something new behind those doors,
and there's no turning back when you enter the video zone.
New games, new nemesis, new menaces,
encountered from inside the game.
It's a new reality in a new time-space coordinate,
Nickelodeon's Ozone, the ultimate video challenge.
Nick Arcade is now in the Ozone, weekdays at 5, 4 central,
on Nickelodeon.
And now, back to Snack.
Sneak! Sneak! How many times do I have to tell you?
Well, Stimpy, what's on TV tonight?
Oh, Joy!
Hey, Red, it's Commander Hork and Stimpy.
Happy, happy, happy.
Joy, joy, joy.
My favorite live-action drama.
Don't let it start. Don't let it start.
Don't let it start.
Roger, A-OK, activate view screen.
I can't watch this show without my...
trusty Commander Hork radar decoder ring.
My official Commander Hork space helmet.
Not to mention your genuine, super-elastic time short.
Bet you don't have a pair of these, Earthling.
And...
my anti-gravity bubblegum.
All systems go. Prepare for countdown.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Last off to adventure in the amazing year 400 billion.
With Commander Hork and his faithful companion, Cadet Stimpy.
As they roam the endless uncharted regions of space
at speeds so fantastic they travel the imagination.
Prepare to surge to sublight speed.
Okay.
The futuristic technologies.
Thrilling headgear.
Bind tingling toast.
Be there. Scour the spaceways.
Explore vast alien worlds.
Come in, Cadet Stimpy. Do you read me?
Cadet Stimpy here. We read you. Roger.
Roger here.
Okay, Space Cadets. Prepare to hurt all through the cosmos.
In today's turgid episode.
Captain's log.
Commander Hork here on a 36-year mission to the Crab Nebula.
We've met this trip dozens of times.
You know, they say sometimes people go crazy on these long trips.
They get the...
Space Madness.
Mr. Science Officer,
Commence relaxation period.
Aye aye, Captain.
Well, it's break time.
We're not on duty for another six years.
So what do you want to do?
Why don't we just spend some quality time together?
To plot a sack of protoplasm!
Hey, Cap. He's off.
Oh, hey. I'm sorry, man.
I... I just been cooped up here so long.
I think we both need a good hot meal.
Just hang on, okay?
Hmm, boy. I'm starving.
How about that? A three-course meal.
That's it! I need some real food!
Relax, Cabin. I'm here for you.
Let it out. That's right.
Hey, I know what you need.
Yes, sir. A good hot bath is the best thing for nerves.
Kill it out!
I'll turn off the gravity. It'll help you relax.
What a pal.
This is the good life.
Just relax and let my mind drift.
I'll just lie back and think pleasant thoughts.
Chicken pot pie.
Chocolate-covered raisins.
He glazed ham.
They think I'm crazy, but I know better.
It is not I who am crazy.
It is I who am mad!
Didn't you hear them?
Didn't you see the crowds?
Oh, my beloved ice cream bar.
How I love to lick your creamy center.
And you're also nutty.
Chocolate-covering.
You're not like the others.
You like the same things I do.
Wax paper.
Boiled football leather.
Dog breath.
We're not hitchhiking anymore.
We're riding.
Stop it. You're talking crazy.
Oh, no.
I know what you want.
You coveted my ice cream bar.
Come on now.
No, you don't.
You can't take it from me now.
I've had this ice cream bar since I was a child.
People are always trying to take it from me.
Why won't they leave me alone?
Easy now.
Back off, man.
Don't make me use this.
One step closer, I'm warning you.
Are you done it?
You forced me to use it.
Hurting.
You poor crazy kid.
Captain's log.
I'm tired.
So tired.
I can't believe my own partner attacked me.
Maybe if I occupy his mind with more duties,
I can control his space.
Now listen, Cadet.
I've got a job for you.
See this button?
It's the history eraser button, you fool.
So what'll happen?
That's just it.
We don't know.
Maybe something bad?
Maybe something good?
I guess we'll never know.
Because you're going to guard it.
You won't touch it, will you?
Oh, how long can trusty Cadet Stimpy hold out?
How can he possibly resist the diabolical urge
to push the button that could erase his very existence?
Will his tortured mind give in to its uncontrollable desires?
Can he withstand the temptation to push the button
that even now beckons him ever closer?
Will he succumb to the maddening urge to eradicate history?
At the mere push of a single button.
The beautiful, shiny button.
The jolly, candy-like button.
Will he hold out, folks?
Can he hold out?
Kids, I start out my day with my favorite breakfast.
That's right.
Sugar-frosted milk.
Is lumpy even in...
Morning, sis.
Well, the calls are all counted
and the results are ready.
So who won?
Next kids pick the present in election.
Find out next, right here on SNCC.
Sneaking up on you.
So stay tuned.
I can't believe...
Mind-sense.
Wanna have a pizza party?
You're my best friend.
And now she says...
Meet me at the mall.
Cool.
Whatcha gonna say next?
Listen.
Do you have a crush on anyone?
You won't believe your ears are eyes,
Teen Talk Barbie.
What a surprise!
Each Teen Talk Barbie doll says four different fun things.
Barbie dolls each sold separately.
Here's I.
Here's Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Here's my aunt Louise.
Can you make a cereal with the intense taste
of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
A teeny bit of cinnamon and sugar.
No way!
It's past the taste of cinnamon and sugar
for totally intense taste.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Part of this complete breakfast.
It's got the taste you can see.
Yummy!
Now you'll find a free fruit roll-up
with Wendell in specially marked boxes.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for...
There's no need to bear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon.
The only network for you.
Now on Video Cassette.
This is Fern Gully.
Don't you wish all your friends from Fern Gully
I'm Krista.
Could come out and play.
We could fix that for you.
Well now they can.
Wow!
There's Krista.
Are you really a human?
Badi Koda.
And that for a limited time.
Your forest adventure set is free.
With purchase of the hit movie Fern Gully.
Isn't this great?
Look for your free adventure set
when you buy Fern Gully at Kmart locations.
My buddy and kids sister
eat souls separately from play school.
You can find their species in a book.
You can count their bones in a museum.
But only Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
puts animals and kids face to face nose to nose.
Follow the call of the wild every Sunday
when Nickelodeon travels from mountaintops
to ocean bottoms in search of animal adventure.
On Nickelodeon's Wild Side Show
every Sunday at 63530 central on the only network for you.
Nickelodeon.
Vik Kim.
Dunno.
What do you mean you don't know?
I mean, I don't know.
I'll figure something out for next time.
Ooh, a cliffhanger.
I love it.
Yeah, but I mean, what about tonight?
It's almost lights out and we haven't had a full story yet.
I shouldn't call a meeting without a full story, Eric.
It's better than no story at all.
Hey, I don't see anyone else jumping in.
I've got one.
Whoa.
He speaks.
Who woke you up?
Leave him alone, Frank.
You haven't told one in a long time, David.
Yeah.
I've been working on this one.
It's ready.
Excellent.
Go for it, Dave.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story the tale of the Twisted Claw.
It was the night before Halloween.
The night of tricks.
The night they call mischief night.
No way, man.
Don't be a wuss.
It's mischief night.
Yeah, but let's go someplace else.
What's the matter?
Afraid the witch is going to get you?
No such thing.
Then let's do it.
Kevin and Dougie were best friends.
But Kevin was way more daring.
He was always looking for adventure.
And on that mischief night, he found it.
Mom and she might hear us.
You finished your dinner?
You can at least pretend.
Gramps used to pretend to be scared.
Dougie, Kevin's here.
Check out this costume.
A mask.
You're a bomb.
You're a bomb every year.
So you get the same candy.
Come on with the book.
Be careful.
And don't go too far.
I hear some of the candy's poison this year.
Oh, man.
This is getting old.
Let's go home.
Oh, come on.
We just started.
Hey.
Let's go to Ms. Cloveshouse.
Are you bent?
After last night?
She didn't know it was us.
And we have costumes on.
Nobody goes to Ms. Cloveshouse.
Yeah.
We can tell everybody that we were the only ones
brave enough to go to the witches' house on Halloween.
Forget it.
I'm out of here.
Or I can say that you were too scared
and I had to run home to Mommy.
I'm gone.
Chill.
Yes.
Trick or treat.
I didn't think anyone was coming.
Come in.
I am so glad someone finally came.
I just love Halloween.
But no children ever stop by.
Maybe they think the place is haunted.
Let me see your costumes.
Oh, nice.
Very nice.
We got a lot more house to go, ma'am.
And tell you what?
Because you boys were the only children nice enough to come
and see me on Halloween,
I'm going to give you a special treat.
Wait right here.
See?
There's nothing to be scared of.
Bees.
She didn't even clean it up.
I've got something special
for two very special boys.
What is it?
It's the claw of a voucher.
Ew.
Oh, it isn't real.
It's made of wood.
They say it's charmed,
and whoever has it will get three wishes.
Yeah?
Three wishes a piece or three for both of us?
Kevin.
I'm sure it means three wishes a piece.
Thanks, lady.
But I think we'll just take some candy
and call it a night.
A nonsense.
You must take it.
I won't take no for an answer.
There you go.
Just one thing.
Be careful what you wish for.
You might just get it.
You just might get it.
Give me a break.
That was really strange.
She's just a crazy old lady.
Three wishes, right.
Yeah?
Well, I wish we can go home
and lose this stupid trick or treating.
Whoa!
What's the matter?
It moved.
Dougie, it's a piece of old, junky wood.
Like your head.
Can we try and get some more candy?
Do you see the way she was looking at us?
Yeah.
Maybe she was sizing up our brains
with her magic suits.
Yeah, right.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, uh-oh.
Lucky here.
Some trick or treater.
You get some candy boys.
Candy's bad for you.
Give some cavities.
Maybe you should give it to us.
Forget it!
Did I say you could talk snot bar?
So what you got?
Forget it, I worked all night for that.
Give it up, old Cammy.
You ain't gonna live long enough
to eat your stupid candy.
This has been a really bad Halloween.
What are you complaining for?
You got your wish.
No more trick or treating.
I'm outta here.
The punks gave Dougie his wish.
No more trick or treats.
Coincidence?
Or was it the twisted claw?
While you were afraid of the dark
will rise to sneak again after this.
We've got a close one at the hurdles.
Looks like he won by a nose.
Let's see what our judges think.
On to the high jump.
Don't forget your favorite event, Ronald.
Archery.
BK dinosaurs.
This used with diamonds in them
are for everybody who wants to grow up and
because lots of you want to
but many of you also want to be
and
don't forget
and also
and finally
so no matter what you want to be
you can wear BK dinosaurs
the diamond but bounce
at Foot Locker.
Traveling with a cargo of dreaded outlaws
the Rebel Hunter is downed.
Its prisoners escape.
There's only one hope.
The Legomania.
Dude!
Space police mobilized.
Plantary patrol.
Rock and roll.
Of these base dudes there is no escape
for most righteous justice.
Today there is peace but only the Legomania
knows what the stars hold for tomorrow.
Most cosmic.
A Lego systems space police collection
eats all separately only from Lego.
Aloha kids.
Dino Pebbles has three new marshmallows.
And what I wouldn't do to taste them.
Aloha.
Chief.
My princess Hula needs a partner for the Siphon contest.
Sadly.
And I need a marshmallowy mouthful
of these new suns, palm trees, surfboards
and of course Dino's
marshmallowy Dino Recious.
Dino?
Barney my Dino Pebbles.
It just serves up.
Pops Dino Pebbles cereal
part of this nutritious breakfast.
I'm Captain O.G. Reborn.
My motto is tried and true.
Read a book today I bet you'll say O.G.
A Reborn too.
And now to snake with
are you afraid of the dark?
I think it's bogus.
Why are you so nervous?
Sorry, it gives me the creeps.
Yeah?
Well it's gonna give me something I've wanted
since I was a kid.
Bostic?
Field is this afternoon.
And I want to be Bostic in the 600.
Forget it.
Nobody beats Bostic.
Until now.
Someone's gotta shut him down.
Oh man, don't do it.
I wish...
I wish it could be Bostic in the 600.
Whoa!
I told you that thing's alive.
Yeah, well it helps it be Bostic this afternoon.
I don't care if it jumps up and picks my nose.
600 finals!
Come on you guys, let's go, let's go!
Move, move!
He thinks he's so good.
He is.
Yeah, we'll see.
Come on Kevin!
Runners, take your positions please.
Go you guys, come on.
Move in, move in, move in.
On the line please, let's go.
Good luck, Kev.
Well let's do it, yeah.
You.
Are you guys ready?
Runners, take your marks.
Get set.
Are you okay, son?
It hurts my leg.
It hurts.
Oh my, it hurts.
Tell Mr. White to get an ambulance.
Relax son, it's going to be alright.
Help's coming.
Is he okay?
Well, having a broken leg okay.
It hurts.
Oh my.
It was an accident.
These things happen, right?
She didn't just trip.
It was a dog.
Where's the dog?
It was tough, one wish.
And something evil happen each time
to make the wishes come true.
Cool.
Hey, I'd wish for a million bucks and take my chances.
So, what happened?
That night, Dougie's parents went out for dinner.
So, Kevin came over.
And he brought something with him.
The gold medley one in the 600.
It broke his leg.
You wished it to happen and it did.
It was an accident.
Miss Chloe said to be careful what we wish for
because we might get it.
Dougie, get a grip.
There's nothing magic going on here.
Yeah?
What about those guys that tried to beat us up?
Where'd they come from?
Oh, geez.
Grants are here.
He'd know what to do.
Dougie, enough.
What if my parents find out what happened to Miss Chloe?
So I'll be grounded for life.
They're not gonna find out it's over.
I say we take this back to Miss Chloe's and apologize.
Then I could tell my folks we did the right thing.
And forget it.
No one is telling nobody nothing.
About my folks.
I wish you'd just lose your folks.
It moved, didn't it?
No.
No, it just...
You made a wish.
No, I didn't.
You wish I'd lose my folks.
Yeah, but...
Don't answer me.
Is this Douglas Freeman?
Yes.
This is Lieutenant Crothers from the Cooper City Police.
I have some bad news for you, son.
Your parents have been in a car accident.
They've been taken to the hospital and I'm afraid...
No!
Who's that?
Mom and Dad had an accident.
They're in the hospital.
It was the wish.
The wish?
It was.
You wished it.
It seemed to be okay.
Yeah.
No!
Every time we make a wish, something bad happens.
Then do something!
I wish Grant's here.
He don't want to do it.
Ah!
Dougie, your grandfather's dead.
You don't think.
It's Grant's car.
It's him.
No!
Where is it?
The wishes are bad!
He may be a skeleton.
Please, no.
I'm gonna make the wish we should have made from the start.
We're sorry we broke this closed vase
and we wish it never, ever happened.
Don't answer it.
I got her.
We forgot our keys.
Again.
If I didn't take them, they wouldn't get taken.
Hi, kid.
So, you guys are okay?
Nothing happened?
You only went over to the Morrison's.
No, apart from that maniac truck driver
that almost side-swiped us.
Oh, it wasn't that dramatic.
Whoa!
What's this for?
I'm just glad to see you.
We're glad to see you, too.
Hang out, guys.
I say we raid the fridge for some ice cream.
The car.
Wait.
How'd that happen?
Check your pockets.
My metal's gone.
Where'd it go?
Boston's got it.
See, what?
He's got it.
He won the race just like he was supposed to
and there never was a ghost car
and those tough guys never chased it.
What do you mean?
I mean, I finally made the right wish.
None of it ever happened.
Are you sure the car was gone?
What does it say?
It says trick or treat.
All they could hear.
Was the sound of the wind blowing through the trees
or was it the cackle of a slide?
The end.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time, pleasant dreams, everyone.